hey up folks we've got a little game
here with dtoo playing as the elor alpha
another very elusive faction these days
I feel like I don't see a lot of Eldar
and I don't see a lot of tyranids but
yeah it's going to be deathof and he's
going for his triple homant build he's
going to be facing off against the
Aversa Assassin of Avers assassin 2456
what Sergeant Smith is the
player so going to be going for double I
opening probably wise against Triple
harot you probably need the extra
Firepower or you're just going to lose
basically all the
map the tricky thing here is that you
ideally want peration to handle all the
melee but pergs don't infiltrate sorry
well they don't infiltrate that's
correct they don't detect infiltrators
is what I meant you need operatives to
do that I was watching and thinking
about this guy infiltrating oh look at
that look at that timing beautiful
timing he didn't know the liix was there
he just he just got to it on
time cuz the lior was going to start
decapping that bad
boy so yeah grey Knights strike Squad
will easily handle an isolated hogon
Squad but if those
hogon are joined to together two squads
of them it could go differently and also
with a flesh hooking lior Alpha things
could go differently too however there
is also a scon Aversa assassin right
here and some IST providing firing
support so that is a very bad situation
for the homun this really needed to
double up with both of them together in
that situation but now I'm concerned for
the strike Squad they are in Retreat
path of omegon and elixir
Alpha oh they're definitely losing
models oh my God they're losing oh
they're dead they're dead greedy greedy
greedy Speedy play by the Avers
assassin H homon Got Away on one HP but
homon are so
fast it has to be
expected you really have to play
defensive in the early game in this
matchup AO malas are a faction that
scales really well as the game goes on
you start leveling up your grey kns and
you get those powerful late game units
out light your Grey Knight Terminator
librarian light your Grey Knight
Terminators purify with levels strike
Squad with levels these are very very
powerful
units so you have to play it safe in the
other game When You're vulnerable you
don't have your upgrades you don't have
your squad leaders you don't have your
levels it's a tricky situation you want
to bleed your opponent without bleeding
yourself so what I'm trying to say is he
really he won that engagement really by
forcing off those harmers and then he
needed to get those strikes out really
you shouldn't have sted in going for
that chase on the homs it was not worth
it man he'd already bled a few models
there's no reason to go for a
wipe not if it meant putting
yourself uh with Elixir alfha and
another homon Squad with eight models in
Retreat path not worth
it so that's the new ability there on
the
Hero trying to control him I see going
to punch a bit shank sh with your
rifles rifle bunk can they kill the
Elixir Alpha oh they get him all right
so yeah yeah he's still in this game he
gets the elixor alpha he's got Warriors
to contend with now but at least the
pation are on the field probably
honestly wants to get
the uh what the hell is it called the
eviscerator ax or whatever it
is on the the Avers assassin the one
that gives him 50 power melee damage in
tier one he's got the chades now but
I mean it's suppression the problem the
main advantage of that is that it
reduces the melee damage that things
deal but you can't really you need your
own melee squads to
help sort of contest
that homon doing 50% reduced damage
against IST is still going to rip them
to Pieces very
fast so I think getting the eviscerator
ax now would be very good obviously he
can use those chem to help protect his
purgation that will help him be a lot
more survivable they still have their
Hal they should be quite competent in
Mel uh but they can then just use it to
disengage when the enemy is suppressed
but this is overall a pretty good
situation for the Avers assassin here
getting their gen bash off once again
purged by fire activated on the lior
before he infiltrates really D stle
should have infiltrated first and tied
up those pation and then he wouldn't
have took that unnecessary damage but in
the meantime Double H guns have been on
the auto malas gen Farm the ver assassin
himself has being sent to deal with it
using bio meltdown a lot of models
bleeding on either side here and the
result of course
is a lot of red for both sides to
utilize constantly replacing Jens is
bleeding the Avers Assassin of all of
his
requisition dul going to be going tier
two
so we see a sergeant here on this squad
of IST no detection is going to be very
awkward right now we're only dealing
with a default lior so the damage
potential isn't
gigantic oh nice Chade there did pin
down those Warriors not sure they needed
to retreat just as soon as they did
but they
did like to look into try and get a
couple more
models before he gets pinned by the
purgation he got
one yeah the EA is having a very fun
time here given that there's no raveners
in teragons to focus him down from afar
pomon really don't enjoy fighting him in
melee they can overwhelm him but just
take so much damage okay now the needs
to be careful because of the leap from
the Warriors oh gets quite lucky he was
in the middle of a special which made
him immune to the
knockback he tanking beautifully right
now chades go out IST trying to stay in
play trying to pop a model on the
Warriors but yeah that homon and Warrior
Squad weren't chated so they're doing
too much damage finally gets the model
like I say if he had the eviscerator ax
that would be he'd be killing them a lot
faster I guess the reason why he didn't
go for it is because he knows he wants
the neuro claw in tier two
the eviscerator a ability improves the
AE damage of things around you I don't
know if it improves the damage of the EA
himself I think it
does but regardless that ability would
be a lot stronger of course if he had
the strike Squad nearby and again it
would also make the chemes more useful
so it was really a big shame that he
lost the strike Squad I'm not sure if he
bought the chem after the strike Squad
was lost I feel like he did which seems
very odd to me I wouldn't I don't know I
don't
I feel like that's a a great
purchase it's fine it kind of gets the
job done I
guess wow impact grenade there from the
ice C star doing gigantic damage there
to the high model homant they're missing
so many shots on Retreat come on lad God
took him ages there missed about another
three shots before taking out that one
HP homon but there you go another horun
Squad down little bit of Mis micro there
from deathof not noticing the hommers
getting Ned on the side and here comes
the ubitus
Rhino oh they're so good right now in
The Meta I mean they've always been good
they're just so good when you've got
high level players that can micro them
well transports but in particular the
Razer back and the Rhino because so much
of their damage is going into the same
models on a good firing pan very scary
and smoke they can drop smoke which buys
you time to absorb AV whilst you then
tie it up in melee with things like an
Avers or assassin here comes the neuro
Gauntlet as described before I mean it's
the same concept it's a load of power
melee damage that can help you tear
apart enemy synapse creatures and this
is probably the reason why he avoid
going for the eviscerator ax in tier one
cuz he knew it would be partially
redundant if he wanted to then swap out
of this later in tier two be interesting
to see how long he keeps purgation with
their incinerator versus swapping them
into s cannons to do a lot of nice
damage to the Warriors from afar problem
is the scons are going to be so
vulnerable to hon just rushing them down
probably not worth it for a while but
let's see what the Rhino can do it is
now a rhino with a heavy wter turret on
the top twin link heavy bter in fact and
so that is now a Razer
back so we'll see how this Razer back
can do obviously we've got Venom brood
on the field for deathof might actually
go for a couple of Venom brood looks
like the liix Alpa is going to town over
here got the lone Hunter now so that's
going to give him a boost to his damage
40% more damage man and he's got the
sihing talons which is highest DPS
weapon that he can equipped 81 power
melee DPS is pretty
significant Razer back trying to lure
the Warriors into the neuro Gauntlet
yeah wow the [__] Bolt pistol of all
things killing a warrior there and a
dream Warrior D into a bolt pistol is
quite amazing that doesn't happen too
often but yeah dealing with this Elixir
is going to be a pain
oh he's actually detected him via the
targets acquired Global of the veror
Assassin which Reveals All enemy units
on the map through fog of war and if
they're infiltrated it it reveals them
from infiltration he's going to be
purchasing a Terminator librarian I
assume he's going to send this down the
sidelines with the IST to deal with this
lior Alpha obviously he's got that
Sanctuary bubble ability which will
knock back any
anyone in the area so you can put that
on your IST to prevent them being tied
up by The Elixir Alpha and then shoot
the Elixir Alpha to death he himself
will be okay in melee against the lior
but let's face it a lone Hunter lior
will rip this guy to pieces one V one
and the Terminator library is not very
fast either the Lor can be especially
with stalk as a
global so he needs to be very careful
about his Terminator librarian could be
effective if he can micro him if he miss
loses attention could go very badly big
engagement right now where is the Smite
from the Terminator librarian Here Comes
The Sanctuary there is a sanctuary
disrupting the melee neuro Gauntlet EA
with Pyon in melee with a Venom brood
absolutely ripping them to pieces and
that's a problem because it means
there's no count to this Razer back
which is just chilling here firing away
perg can get out and suppress these
hommers meanwhile the Terminator
librarian has just been chopping up
these Warriors bang another model down
can the E get another one oh he does
look at the damage on this Bo right now
picked up the sin Skin Body Glove tier
one tanky armor for the
EA but because the EA is the EA it's not
as tanky as other Mele Hero's tanky
armors but it indirectly helps him quite
a lot with his offense because it makes
Pyon last for longer and cost only 50 HP
to activate not 100 and cyclon improves
his DPS by 30%
so yep he can just Spam that now and
he's got an additional 75 Max HP and 1
HP per second can regen pretty good look
at this guy Man level six EA right now
with over 1,000 HP that is a lot for an
Avers or assassin if we contrast that
with a level two Lor Alpha with a rather
measly 661 HP he does have the 25%
passive Dr when no one's around of
course he can infiltrate he's actually
doing way more damage than the EA as
well with
81 time
1.4
versus 92 and A2
there you go Chade to suppress the
homigot and the bio
meltdown charging forward well not
really charging forward but moving
forward into the Venom brood homon
retreating through the bio meltdown
right now also taking backlash damage
but not enough to wipe them
unfortunately he needed another kill
really so probably worth it given the
amount of red that has been generated in
this match up the amount of time that he
just bought there was pretty
great not quite able to pick up the liix
aler unfortunately going to have to
deposit these peration and the Rhino
Advance forward
again see what he can get
to way
to what's the plan boys we've got a tant
guard and we got some Rippers for
this rippers are
interesting I feel like the firing lines
of the auto Mal aren't really achieving
a whole lot right now I don't think
these last guns are that important oh
well he has picked up some plasma guns
now that will be
relevant oh and he's picked up the
acolyte leader as well no Sergeant but
the acolyte leader on that
Squad so rippers you know generally used
to tie up range units I feel like the
most of the range Firepower is coming
out of the Rhino right now you obviously
can't tie up a vehicle so well you can't
tie up Vehicles if they're ranged
Walkers can't tie up a transport
vehicle so I'm not sure about the
Rippers I'm not sure about
them so much range damage coming out
right now IST razor back peration using
their ability takes out that lior fast
but liix is not a tanky dude piss off
unfortunately paying too much attention
over here where there's only a single
IST look at the size of this horde of
tyranids so he's just holding the 2v P
right now but he has seeded his power to
achieve that and that's quite concerning
for deathof because I assume that it
means that the EA is just going to be
able to go tier free good thing for
deathof is he's got a nice lead in terms
of
VPS but this is a really quite
tremendous backlog of power here for the
Avers assassin so even if he takes out
these gens the worry is that he is going
to go to tier three and then pick up
the
um what's he going to pick
up Terminators gr out Terminators and
that's going to be really really
difficult I thought the Avers assassin
was going to take the 1 V one with the
Tyrant guard then in the sanctuary
bubble seems more interested in bleeding
his opponent I was curious to see if
he'd actually beat the tant guard
one-onone I feel like he probably would
to be honest
though I guess not back might might
change that knocking him out of the
sanctuary
bubble all
right swings and roundabouts here we got
action all over the place Ben and brw
trying to finish off the gem bash going
to get tied up by the I and forced off
by the Raz back but we need some repairs
over here what's going on down here you
have IST who've caught the natural VP of
dle but the lick has took the contested
back and dle already has the natural of
the
E the problem is this the St clearly
suffering from a lot of bleed here a lot
of warrior
bleed oh wow he swap oh no these are an
additional Squad of Venom brood wow he's
got an additional Squad of Venom brood
now which he has upgraded with death
spitters which are essentially like
Inferno bolters that ZKA Space Marines
have in
functionality just generalist good tools
against all Targets particularly
effective against sub Commander
armor or Commander
armor but not very good against Razer
backs oh wow look at the damage from
that Smite what level is that librarian
that's a level one librarian holy [__]
that Smite did load
what a mind but Des bate of Venom brood
have even more HP than other ones
terminate librarian taking a bit of a
jewel with a tant guard not ideal for
him the EA can probably do it but
definitely not him he got good damage
though let's see what's the EA doing
he's chasing the TG Pyon is active TG is
going to charge TG now isolated
concerning position with the Avers
assassin chasing oh yeah he's going to
tear this thing to Pieces look at the
damage output Man level seven I told you
he will be able to solo that thing
definitely could definitely could this
damage output is crazy right
now
crazy uh I'm not sure though that the he
can deal with this elixer right now cuz
L Hunt is going to activate yeah look at
this damage oh he's got him yeah that
was not worth it a little bit of a
misplay there from the Avers assassin
deathof really just playing the VP game
right now cuz he's got 400 to the 105
for the EA but ah GRE KN Terminators
have hit the field I think he's
done I think he's done he can't deal
with this Razer back GRE Knight
Terminator now on the field you just got
to keep harassing the contested with a
Razer back whilst you sit the [__] EA
plus Terminators on this point and you
kind of chilling aren you you going need
a form back C effects but deathof
doesn't even ownn his natural power so I
think he's he's
done we trying to bleed out these last
few VPS let's see maybe he can manage it
sneaking around tyan his greatest
advantage of course is their
speed I mean speed and the fact that
they tend to have more capping squads
than other factions means contesting map
control against tyranids is just hell
absolute hell on
Earth Jean steal is coming out I mean
they can do something to terminat us so
can death spits
but I still it's not it's not
ideal really you want to form back kind
of
effect yeah plasma guns here on the IST
in tandem with the Razer back so much
damage man that was a nice chamade just
as the lior were
chasing this EA has gone absolutely
rampant this match
absolutely rampant CH now caught without
any synapse quite
squishy the Avers assin is just
unrelentless man charging forward
pumping himself full of drugs tearing
Jean Steelers Apart Nothing can stop
him nothing can stop this guy and as I
suspected the Terminator Library sorry
the gr out Terminators have gone down to
the bottom here took this point with the
Terminator librarian rotating over to
them nothing's going to be able to get
rid of these and he's even struggling to
get rid of the Avers assassin himself we
even have purify coming out now I'm not
sure why should have been the
um the bottom of razor back that's what
I'm trying to think
of little bit late there on the chamade
activated bio meltdown at the last
second no he didn't it's just the
explosion from the Chade we need a
different visual indicator for chades
and a bio meltdown
that's something that we
[Music]
need can some of you guys just remind me
in the video uh whenever it comes out to
note that again we need a
different visual effect for the chamade
versus bio
meltdown finally managed to kill the
Razer back I'm not really sure what the
Peri are doing they're in here they got
one model kill on the Warriors but now
jeene steel is going to deter them
obviously quite a lot going on right now
you've got venom spitters venom spits
death spit of Venom brood firing in the
purifiers oh but here comes the
Terminator librarian of the grite
Terminator yikes y see you later
M see you later mate I didn't
uh turn off my Discord sound brilliant
good job
top thisof actually in this like he
managed to deap and cap the natural
again with the
Licor it's got toxic sismic a little bit
tankier I don't know
why the Avers assassin went for
purifiers and not atim Razer back that
seems frankly
ludicrous he gets the Decap L is going
to have to get out of there though cuz
the ear is moving in wow he's taking the
fight I don't think he wants this fight
no no no no no no no I don't even think
he can One V one the EA at this point
not if he gets hit by chem nades
reducing his damage by 50%
this guy's too strong at level
9 one of the downsides of The neurog
Gauntlet is you don't get
specials but because he's level 9 he'll
be immune to any specials from the level
three lior
anyway but if they were even then that
would be a massive advantage that the
lior would have the ability to special
and it probably would swing it in his
favor I mean if they were same levels
the lior would would Slaughter an EA One
V one I think with the lawn Hunter Buffs
without the lawn Hunter Buffs it'd be
different I think the Avers assassin
would win
then but it's the speed of the Aversa
assassin man he's been just hunting down
these Warriors
relentlessly and that's his real power
he's not really meant to be like a a
jewelist as
such which is definitely something the
lior dominates at
a dof's still in this he's chasing after
the Terminators with Gene Steelers and
elior surely the Terminators can just
turn around and rip these gen to
pieces I don't know why they're fleeing
to be honest and finally a v of razor
back is coming on Route IST going to
take over the
pine I'm not not sure what
the I don't know why they're running
away from geners which don't even have
melee synapse I know there was a lior
around probably didn't want to fight the
geners whilst there was elor there but
he probably could have still beat both
maybe lost a model but who
cares so terminator's going to get on
the lior there purifi is once again
getting kind of kind of wrecked to be
honest do we actually have a biomel down
here is this just
chades can't
tell no this is a bi meltdown right look
he's not focusing the homant oh yeah
wipes the homon
pops another model on the The Warriors
big backlash look at this EA just
forcing off the whole Army yeah
beautifully
done V Razer back hits the field and
that is basically going to be the end of
Dell and he's ratting around he lost his
liix Alpha over at the VP when we were
watching down
here close he got close got him down to
75 VPS obviously a high pressure build
from deathto a lot of melee rippers were
a little bit redundant and ineffective
I'm not sure about the second Venom
brood I think that's maybe where he went
wrong second Venom brood into death spit
has really sealed the deal for him not
getting tier three but then again he
kind
of maybe he did that cuz he he
recognized he lost all his power so
getting to tier three and getting a form
back out probably unrealistic probably
better to double down in tier two and
try and win on VPS so a sound
strategy very old Choice with the
purifiers uh it doesn't really make any
sense get them so late but anyway there
you go bit of AO malas and Tyran is two
factions you don't see too often hope
you enjoy that one folks I am going to
be signing out
[Music]